Update installation notes (#62)
OpenMDAO/om-Aviary: README.md

## Planned future features

Aviary is in active development.

> We plan to expand its capabilities and add features as detailed in [this doc page](https://openmdao.github.io/om-Aviary/misc_resources/planned_future_features.html).

Reviewer: generally I prefer more descriptive hyperlink text than "here" or "this page", maybe something like: 
```suggestion
We plan to expand its capabilities and have provided a non-exhaustive [list of future features](https://openmdao.github.io/om-Aviary/misc_resources/planned_future_features.html).
```
